Revert "DOC-6039-Remove-Bucket-Shadowing" (#154)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/shared-bucket-access.adoc

== Shared Bucket Access
:pageOriginRel: "sg=1.5, Cbs=5.0)_"

> Sync Gateway uses the _Shared Bucket Access_ feature to synchronize document changes made through Couchbase SDKs and N1QL queries to be synchronized to Couchbase Lite clients, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync Gateway uses the _Shared Bucket Access_ feature to synchronize document changes made to Couchbase Server bucket through the Couchbase SDKs or through the Couchbase Server Admin UI  to Couchbase Lite clients. Changes made on Couchbase Lite clients are synchronized to the server.
```

The following diagram shows different clients (mobile, web, desktop) writing data to the same bucket in Couchbase Server.

image::shared-bucket-access.png[]

> In previous releases, you either had to ensure all writes happened through Sync Gateway, or had to set up bucket shadowing to ensure that the security and replication metadata needed by mobile applications was preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Sync Gateway 1.5, you either had to ensure that all writes happened through the Sync Gateway REST API, or had to set up bucket shadowing to ensure that the security and replication metadata needed by mobile applications was preserved. 

NOTE: Bucket shadowing is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. So applications using bucket shadowing must start migrating to using the shared-bucket-access capability
```

> In this release, the metadata created by the Sync Gateway is abstracted from applications reading and writing data directly to Couchbase Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With "shared-bucket-access" capability, the sync metadata created by the Sync Gateway is abstracted from applications reading and writing data directly to Couchbase Server.
```

> Sync Gateway 1.5 utilizes a new feature of Couchbase Server 5.0 called XATTRs (e**X**tended **ATTR**ibutes) to store that metadata into an external document fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync Gateway utilizes a feature of Couchbase Server 5.0 called XATTRs (e**X**tended **ATTR**ibutes) to store that metadata into an external document fragment instead of inline within the document body.
```
